Terminal Commands
Part 1:
1. make a directory called first
mkdir first
2. change directory to the first folder
cd first
3. create a file called person.txt
touch person.txt
4. change the name of person.txt to another.txt
mv person.txt another.txt
5. make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
cp another.txt copy.txt
6. remove the copy.txt file
rm copy.txt
7. make a copy of the first folder and call it second
cp -r first second
8. delete the second folder
rm -r second

Part 2:
1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
'man' displays the manual page for a command. 'man rm' displays the manual page for the 'rm' command. The arrow keys
will scroll, the space bar will move down, and the b key will move up. q will exit.
2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
-l with ls means 'long format' and displays the 'long list' of a file directory, including type, permissions, owner, size 
and modification date. The -a flag stands for 'all' and includes all files whether hidden (starting with a period) or not.
3. How do you jump between words in the terminal?
On pc / linux, left and right arrow keys plus the 'Ctrl' key.
4. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
The 'end' key.
5. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
The 'home' key.
6. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
On pc / linux, ctrl + w.
7. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
A terminal is a program that interacts with a computer via command line, a shell is a program that interprets commands and
executes them on the computer. The terminal provides an interface for the shell to run commands.
8. What is an absolute path?
A absolute path specifies the location of a file (or directory) starting from the root directory.
9. What is a relative path?
A relative path specifies the location of a file (or directory) starting from the current directory. 
10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
A flag is basically an option used in the command line to modify command behavior. For instance, -rf (recursive and force), 
-l (long format) and -a (all).
11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command? 'recursive force': recursive to delete a directory and all of 
its contents, and force to delete said files and directories without confirmation.